Hey you
You put your clothes on, what are you doing?
You promised to treat my mother
Isn't that what it is?
It's not that you misunderstood. Please put on your clothes.
Ah.
That
Oh, let me introduce myself first.
My name is Chu Sifeng
It's Sister Xueqin's childhood sweetheart
When Aunt Soul was a nanny at Luo's house before
Take good care of me and Sister Xueqin
Uh so I feel obligated to help
Aunt Soul pays for this surgery?
Stop being fake here
My mom is seriously ill
Ye Qingmei and Luoxue Qing are the culprits
That's impossible.
How could Aunt Ye and Sister Xueqin be possible?
He said Luo Xueqin
I grew up letting my mom pick up dirty food from the ground and eat it
You think my mom is seriously ill
Would it have nothing to do with this?
Ye Qingmei and Lorgar go up and down
Has anyone stopped this?
All accomplices
All murderers
I'll take care of my mom's medical bills myself
Your money
Full of learning
Hey Sifeng
Oh, dear.
Why don't you tell your aunt when you come to Jiangzhou?
Your marriage to Xueqin is approaching
Take the time to come and sit at home?
Okay, thanks.